Feature/expose task debug (#300)
iExecBlockchainComputing/iexec-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- added key `isUserRejection` in `Web3ProviderError` set to `true` when the error is detected as a user rejection
- `task.fetchOffchainInfo(taskid)` to get off-chain status information about the task from the workerpool

> - `task.getLogs(taskid)` to get app logs from the workers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `task.fetchLogs(taskid)` to fetch app logs from the workers
```
